Why are you so angry?
Please listen to me.
My Sakura is the one next to you.
You are the one who made my Sakura.
If you say that to your child,
I don't know if you will apologize.
I don't apologize.
Please look at this one.
I don't know if I can change the name.
I changed it to Sakanechi.
Please look at this one.
I'm angry.
You are beautiful.
I don't praise you.
You are a scholar.
I'm a scholar.
I see.
The flower that came out of the garden next to the Heigo City
is a flower that has fallen.
I'm angry.
I see.
The flower that came out of the garden next to the Heigo City
is a flower that has fallen.
I'm angry.
I'm sorry, but I'll pay you back.
I don't know how to take back the money.
I'm sorry, but take a day off.
I will not take a day off.
I will go to the store and take a day off.
I will pay you back.
I'll go to the garden.
I will go to the garden.
I'm going to the store today.
Today is the day off.
Go to the kitchen.
There wasn't any
I'm sorry, but I'm a little embarrassed.
Three men in the Gekko and three men in the Maeko.
I can't see them because they're so far away.
I'm a Gekko and a Maeko.
I don't know them.
I'm a commoner.
I'm a man.
I don't know them.
I'm a young man.
I'm a commoner.
I'm a Gekko and a Maeko.
Leave it to me.
I'll come to you when I'm done.